+++
author = "Carbontribe"
title = "Solar power energy system in hotel, France"
date = "2025-02-19"
category="renewable"
layout = "project"
description = "Solar power energy system in hotel, France"
featured_image = "images/projects/solar_france/floating_solar.png"
tags = [
    "Renewable Energy",
    "France",
    "Carbontribe",
]

image_data = [
  { image = "/images/projects/solar_france/floating_solar.png", text = "This is the first piece of text between the images." },
]
developer_name = "Solar power org"
developer_bio = "Awesome organization doing awesome things awesomely"
developer_image = "/images/projects/negros_tortosa/seal-logo-template-for-your-company-vector-33952832.png"
developer_url = "https://carbontribe.me/"
post_image = "/images/projects/brian-yurasits-PzQNdXw2a6g-unsplash.png"
iframe1 = "https://www.openstreetmap.org/export/embed.html?bbox=2.1395874023437504%2C48.93467965259391%2C2.174949645996094%2C48.9567490344191"
iframe3 = "https://mol.org/regions/region/species?regiontype=region&region_id=15c2ed3a-16f4-474c-8fc3-8764eeb7c302"
impact_kpi = 100
impact_kpi_type = "co2"

nfts = [
  { year = "2025", type="Solar power", link = "https://testnets.opensea.io/assets/base_sepolia/0xe18ecdb92e0736b7d1aef706c2f956f640fdc946/10" },
]
project_stats_unit = "tCO2"
nft_issued = 0
nft_available = 100
nft_retired = 0

price=50
price_unit="USD/ton"
+++
At the start of the year, intense storms brought record-breaking rainfall and severe flooding to a region in Western Europe, with one major city experiencing its worst flooding in decades. Entire communities were affected as rivers overflowed and infrastructure faced significant challenges.

Amidst these extreme weather conditions, a floating solar power plant in the region remained fully operational, continuing to generate electricity without disruption. This real-world test highlights the resilience of advanced floating solar technology, designed to withstand harsh environmental conditions while maintaining consistent energy production.

With floodwaters rising well above normal levels, the ability of this floating system to function uninterrupted underscores the effectiveness of water-based solar technology.

The installation, commissioned in the past year, marks a significant milestone for floating solar solutions. This fully commercial project demonstrates the scalability and reliability of the technology in renewable energy generation.

Located on a sizable water body, the system integrates advanced energy components—such as power conversion and distribution equipment—directly onto the floating platform. These components play a crucial role in managing and optimizing the energy generated by the solar panels. Despite the complexities of operating in a water-based environment, the system was successfully adapted for stable, efficient operation.
